Split up the documentation page about Hooks (#1641)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/hooks/common_use_cases.md

# Common use cases

> ## Use Hooks to extend a node's behaviour

Reviewer: I think we might be okay with this level of granularity in the documentation. The pages are pretty small now.

> You can add extra behaviour before and after a node's execution by using the [`before_node_run` and `after_node_run` Hooks](/kedro.framework.hooks.specs.NodeSpecs). Furthermore, you can apply extra behaviour to not only an individual node or an entire Kedro pipeline, but also to a _subset_ of nodes based on their tags or namespaces. For example, let's say we want to add the following extra behaviours to a node:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the [`before_node_run` and `after_node_run` Hooks](/kedro.framework.hooks.specs.NodeSpecs) to add extra behavior before and after a node's execution. Furthermore, you can apply extra behavior to not only an individual node or an entire Kedro pipeline, but also to a _subset_ of nodes, based on their tags or namespaces: for example, suppose we want to add the following extra behaviors to a node:
```

```python
from kedro.pipeline.node import Node

def say_hello(node: Node):
    """An extra behaviour for a node to say hello before running."""
    print(f"Hello from {node.name}")
```

Then you can either add it to a single node based on the node's name:

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest collapsing each of these code blocks.

        if "hello" in node.tags:
            say_hello(node)
```

Or add it to all nodes in the entire pipeline:

```python
# <your_project>/src/<your_project>/hooks.py

from kedro.framework.hooks import hook_impl
from kedro.pipeline.node import Node

class ProjectHooks:
    @hook_impl
    def before_node_run(self, node: Node):
        # adding extra behaviour to all nodes in the pipeline
        say_hello(node)
```

If your use case takes advantage of a decorator, for example to retry a node's execution using a library such as [tenacity](https://tenacity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), you can still decorate the node's function directly:

```python
from tenacity import retry

@retry
def my_flaky_node_function():
    ...
```

Or applying it in the `before_node_run` Hook as follows:

```python
# <your_project>/src/<your_project>/hooks.py
from tenacity import retry

from kedro.framework.hooks import hook_impl
from kedro.pipeline.node import Node

class ProjectHooks:
    @hook_impl
    def before_node_run(self, node: Node):
        # adding retrying behaviour to nodes tagged as flaky
        if "flaky" in node.tags:
            node.func = retry(node.func)
```

> ## Use Hooks to customise the dataset load and save methods

Reviewer 2: I suggest splitting this into a separate file - this one is already long enough.

Author: Wouldn't that leave the `Use Hooks to customise the dataset load and save methods` page quite short?

Reviewer 2: About the length of a typical screen would be the ideal - rather short than long, as long as it makes sense. But this isn't a hard and fast rule, so I'm not going to shout about it!

Reviewer: I'm okay with the current page length. This works!
